Darth Vader: Be careful not to choke on your aspirations, Director.

//Rio Durant: I’m tellin ya, you will never have a deeper sleep than curled up in a Wookiee’s lap."

Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace

“Qui-Gon Jinn: Remember, your focus determines your reality.” Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace

“Darth Sidious: Power! Unlimited power!” Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith

“Princess Leia: Aren’t you a little short for a Stormtrooper?” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

 Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Darth Vader: I find your lack of faith disturbing.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“C-3PO: We’re doomed!” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Princess Leia: Why, you stuck-up, half-witted, scruffy-looking nerf herder!” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Princess Leia: I love you.
Han Solo: I know.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Yoda: Do, or do not. There is no try.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Yoda: Size matters not. Look at me. Judge me by my size, do you, hmm? And well, you should not, for my ally is the Force.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Admiral Ackbar: It’s a trap!” Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi

“Darth Vader: No. I am your father.” Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi

“Han Solo: That’s not how the Force works!” Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens

“Han Solo: Chewie, we’re home.” Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens

“Yoda: The greatest teacher, failure is.” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

Popular Star Wars Sayings & Classic Star Wars Quotes
They might not be quite as iconic, but these are still memorable lines that make us nostalgic for all our favourite heroes and villains of the Star Wars galaxy. Here are some famous quotes you’ll no doubt recognise from the Star Wars saga:


via Giphy
“A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away…”
[This was never said by a character, but serves as the title text for nearly every Star Wars film]

“Han Solo: I’ve got a really good feeling about this.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Darth Vader: Be careful not to choke on your aspirations, Director.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Chirrut Îmwe: I am one with the Force, and the Force is with me.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Jyn Erso: The time to fight is now.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Obi-Wan Kenobi: Be mindful of your thoughts, Anakin. They’ll betray you.” Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones

“Padmé Amidala: To be angry is to be human.” Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones

“Obi-Wan Kenobi: Hello there!
General Grievous: General Kenobi!” Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith

“Obi-Wan Kenobi: The Force will be with you. Always.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Obi-Wan Kenobi: Who’s the more foolish: the fool, or the fool who follows him?” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Obi-Wan Kenobi: These aren’t the droids you’re looking for.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Obi-Wan Kenobi: Use the Force, Luke.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Obi-Wan Kenobi: In my experience, there is no such thing as luck.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Darth Vader: The Force is strong with this one.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Darth Vader: Join me, and together we can rule the galaxy as father and son.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Darth Vader: If you only knew the power of the dark side!” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Yoda: Wars not make one great.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Yoda: Always in motion is the future.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Han Solo: Never tell me the odds!” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Yoda: Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Padmé Amidala: So this is how liberty dies. With thunderous applause.” Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi

“Darth Vader: Search your feelings. You know it to be true.” Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi

“Obi-Wan Kenobi: You were the chosen one! It was said that you would destroy the Sith, not join them. You were to bring balance to the Force, not leave it in darkness!” Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi

“Poe Dameron: We are the spark that’ll light the fire that’ll burn the First Order down.” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

“Poe Dameron: We’re not alone. Good people will fight if we lead them.” Star Wars: Episode IX – The Rise of Skywalker

“Rey: Be with me.” Star Wars: Episode IX – The Rise of Skywalker

Star Wars Quotes About Love
There aren’t too many love storylines in the saga (too many battles to be fought!), but there are a few notable lines that touch upon the concept of love and send our hearts a-flurry.

Whether you’re into mush or just a diehard geek who wants to try some of these on your next date, here’s a selection of Star Wars quotes about love:


via Giphy
“Lando Calrissian: You really have it bad for the Falcon, don’t you?
Han Solo: It’s mutual, trust me. She belongs with me.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Lando Calrissian: Very few people have actually seen a StarCave Nebula. It was breathtaking. Not unlike your eyes.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“L3: I’m sure you’ve noticed Lando has feelings for me, which makes working together difficult, since I do not feel the same way about him.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Anakin Skywalker: Are you an angel?
Padme Amidala: What?
Anakin Skywalker: An angel. I’ve heard the deep space pilots talk about them. They’re the most beautiful creatures in the universe. They live on the moon of Iego, I think.” Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace

“Anakin Skywalker: Attachment is forbidden. Possession is forbidden. Compassion, which I would define as unconditional love, is essential to a Jedi’s life. So you might say, that we are encouraged to love.” Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones

“Padmé Amidala: I’ve been dying a little bit each day since you came back into my life.” Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones

“Anakin Skywalker: Believe me, I wish I could just wish away my feelings, but I can’t.” Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones

“Anakin Skywalker: Just for once, let me look on you with my own eyes.” Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi

“Obi-Wan Kenobi: You were my brother, Anakin. I loved you!” Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi

“Princess Leia: You know, no matter how much we fought, I’ve always hated watching you leave.” Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens

“Finn: So I ran. Right into you. And you looked at me like no one ever had.” Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens

“Rose Tico: That’s how we’re gonna win. Not fighting what we hate, saving what we love.” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

“Rey: I did want to take your hand. Ben’s hand.” Star Wars: Episode IX – The Rise of Skywalker

Funny Star Wars Quotes
Whether they’re one-liners, witty jabs, or sarcastic zingers, our characters sure deliver a lot of LOL-worthy lines that give more *OOMPH* to the films. Here’s an assortment of our favourite funny quotes:


via Giphy
“Ralakili: I’m gonna flip your switch.
L3: Good luck finding it.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Han Solo: Well, I ran away with my life, I think that’s something. To me, that’s a lot.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Rio Durant: I’m tellin ya, you will never have a deeper sleep than curled up in a Wookiee’s lap.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Han Solo: Chewbacca? Alright well, you’re gonna need a nickname, ’cause I ain’t sayin’ that every time.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Rio Durant: Have you ever tried to disinvite a Wookiee to anything? Not a good idea.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Han Solo: That is a great idea. Let’s do it. You go first.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Han Solo: This is a thermal detonator that I just armed.
Lady Proxima: That’s a rock.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Han Solo: I hope you didn’t send all your fancy enforcers, ‘cause that would leave you a little shorthanded around here.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Han Solo: You’re 190 years old? You look great!” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Lando Calrissian: Usually when I’m in situations like this, I like to turn around in the opposite direction.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Chirrut Îmwe: Are you kidding me? I’m blind.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Cassian Andor: He tends to say whatever comes into his circuits.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“K-2SO: I find that answer vague and unconvincing.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“K-2SO: I’m capable of running my own diagnostics, thank you very much.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“K-2SO: Congratulations. You are being rescued.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Anakin Skywalker: I don’t like sand. It’s all coarse, and rough, and irritating. And it gets everywhere.” Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace

“Obi-Wan Kenobi: Why do I get the feeling you’re going to be the death of me?” Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones

“Yoda: Lost a planet, Master Obi-Wan has. How embarrassing.” Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones

“Han Solo: Traveling through hyperspace ain’t like dusting crops, farm boy.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“C-3PO: Don’t call me a mindless philosopher, you overweight glob of grease.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Han Solo: You know, sometimes I amaze even myself.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Han Solo: It’s the ship that made the Kessel run in less than twelve parsecs. I’ve outrun Imperial starships. Not the local bulk cruisers, mind you. I’m talking about the big Corellian ships, now. She’s fast enough for you, old man.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Han Solo: Great, kid. Don’t get cocky.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Princess Leia: Will somebody get this big walking carpet out of my way?” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Princess Leia: Some day you’re gonna be wrong, I just hope I’m there to see it.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Han Solo: Laugh it up, fuzzball!” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“C-3PO: He’s quite clever, you know…for a human being.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“C-3PO: Sir, the possibility of successfully navigating an asteroid field is approximately 3,720 to 1.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Han Solo: Let’s keep a little optimism here.” Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi

“C-3PO: I’m rather embarrassed, General Solo, but it appears that you are to be the main course at a banquet in my honour.” Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi

“Han Solo: Listen, Big Deal. You got another problem. Women always figure out the truth. Always.” Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens

“Poe Dameron: Move your metal ass, 3PO.” Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens

“Poe Dameron: 20.3 fazillion languages and you can’t read that?” Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens

“Rey: Is that even possible?
Han Solo: I never ask that question until after I’ve done it!” Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens

“Rey: The garbage will do!” Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens

“Princess Leia: Poe, get your head out of your cockpit!” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

“Rey: Do you have something — a towel, or something — you can put on?” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

“Rey: I‘ve seen your daily routine. You are not busy.” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

“Poe Dameron: I do not wanna know what made these tunnels.
C-3PO: Judging by the circumference of the tunnel walls, there are numerous…
Poe Dameron: I said I do not wanna know. Not.” Star Wars: Episode IX – The Rise of Skywalker

Inspirational Star Wars Quotes
Through all their tough battles fought, losses, and life-altering decisions, our heroes often serve as ideal life coaches. Here’s a collection of the best Star Wars quotes to inspire and motivate you (and no, not all of them are from Yoda, although you can click here to read a roundup of our top Yoda quotes).


via Giphy
“Jyn Erso: Rebellions are built on hope.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Saw Gerrera: Save the Rebellion. Save the dream.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Chirrut Îmwe: The strongest stars have hearts of kyber.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Chirrut Îmwe: Let them pass in peace.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Mon Mothma: It’s a chance for you to make a fresh start.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Chirrut Îmwe: The strongest stars have hearts of kyber.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Obi-Wan Kenobi: Dreams pass in time.” Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones

“Obi-Wan Kenobi: I have taught you everything I know. And you have become a far greater Jedi than I could ever hope to be.” Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith

“Yoda: When gone am I, the last of the Jedi will you be. The Force runs strong in your family. Pass on what you have learned.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Yoda: A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Maz Kanata: The Force, it’s calling to you. Just let it in.” Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens

“Maz Kanata: Dear child, the belonging you seek is not behind you…it is ahead.” Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens

Star Wars Quotes That Cut Deep
Several different characters have cutthroat ways of getting their points across, which dramatizes emotions and helps us feel their pain, frustration, or angst even more.

Here’s a few of the best quotes that leave us saying, “OOH! BURN!” or “Oh, my heart…”


via Giphy
“Beckett: Assume everyone will betray you and you will never be disappointed.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Han Solo: I don’t have people. I’m alone.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Shmi Skywalker: You can’t stop change any more than you can stop the suns from setting.” Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace

“Shmi Skywalker: Now, be brave, and don’t look back.” Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace

“Padmé Amidala: Sometimes we must let go of our pride and do what is requested of us.” Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones

“Padmé Amidala: What if the democracy we thought we were serving no longer exists, and the Republic has become the very evil we have been fighting to destroy?” Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith

“Yoda: Death is a natural part of life. Rejoice for those around you who transform into the Force. Mourn them do not. Miss them do not.” Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith

“Obi-Wan Kenobi: Your eyes can deceive you, don’t trust them.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Obi-Wan Kenobi: Don’t give in to hate. That leads to the dark side.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“C-3PO: We seem to be made to suffer. It’s our lot in life.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Yoda: Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Boba Fett: He’s no good to me dead.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Yoda: You must unlearn what you have learned.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Yoda: When 900 years old you reach, look as good you will not.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Yoda: When gone am I, the last of the Jedi will you be. The Force runs strong in your family. Pass on what you have learned.” Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi

“Rey: I know all about waiting.” Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens

“Rey: Stop taking my hand!” Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens

“Finn: I was raised to do one thing, but I’ve got nothing to fight for.” Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens

“Princess Leia: She was more interested in protecting the light than seeming like a hero.” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

“Supreme Leader Snoke: There has been an awakening. Have you felt it?” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

“Luke Skywalker: Confronting fear is the destiny of a Jedi. Your destiny. If you don’t face Palpatine, it will mean the end of the Jedi, and the war will be lost.” Star Wars: Episode IX – The Rise of Skywalker

“Rey: People keep telling me they know me. No one does.” Star Wars: Episode IX – The Rise of Skywalker

Star Wars Quotes About the Force
A lot of deep insight is dropped about the Force by various characters, allowing us to better understand the pull between the light and dark sides. Here are a few famous lines that have helped us understand this supernatural-esque power:


via Giphy
“Chirrut Îmwe: And I fear nothing… for all is as the Force wills it.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Chancellor Palpatine: The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural.” Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith

“Yoda: Through the Force, things you will see. Other places. The future… the past. Old friends long gone.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Yoda: Anger, fear, aggression; the dark side of the Force are they. Easily they flow, quick to join you in a fight. If once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny, consume you it will, as it did Obi-Wan’s apprentice.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Yoda: For my ally is the Force, and a powerful ally it is. Life creates it, makes it grow. Its energy surrounds us and binds us. Luminous beings are we, not this crude matter. You must feel the Force around you; here, between you, me, the tree, the rock, everywhere, yes. Even between the land and the ship.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Yoda: Twilight is upon me, and soon night must fall. That is the way of things…the way of the Force.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Luke Skywalker: The Force is not a power you have. It’s not about lifting rocks. It’s the energy between all things, a tension, a balance, that binds the universe together.” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

Badass Star Wars Quotes
From female warriors like Princess Leia and Rey to cocky heroes like Han Solo and Lando Calrissian, there are plenty of badass quotes scattered throughout the films that will make you scream, “YEAH! GET IT!” while watching the films.

Here’s a collection of our personal favourite badass Star Wars quotes:


via Giphy
“Lando Calrissian: Everything you’ve heard about me is true.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Han Solo: Next time somebody hits me, I hit them back.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Han Solo: I just couldn’t help but notice you’re wearing a uniform pocked full of laser burns. So either you heal real quick, or you stole it off a dead person.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Beckett: People are predictable.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Han Solo: You were wrong about one thing, I was paying attention. You told Chewie people are predictable. You’re no exception.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Beckett: The only thing you need to learn to do is do what I say when I say it.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Lando Calrissian: You might wanna quit while you’re ahead.
Han Solo: You might wanna quit while you’re behind.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Jyn Erso: The time to fight is now.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Cassian Andor: Every time I walked away from something I wanted to forget, I told myself it was for a cause that I believed in. A cause that was worth it. Without that, we’re lost.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Chirrut Îmwe: I fear nothing. For all is as the Force wills it.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Orson Krennic: Your concern is hardly warranted.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Darth Maul: At last we will reveal ourselves to the Jedi. At last we will have revenge.” Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace

“Obi-Wan Kenobi: If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Darth Vader: The circle is now complete. When I left you, I was but the learner; now I am the master.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Darth Vader: Don’t be too proud of this technological terror you’ve constructed. The ability to destroy a planet is insignificant next to the power of the Force.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Darth Vader: You have failed me for the last time.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Luke Skywalker: You’ll find I’m full of surprises.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Luke Skywalker: I won’t fail you. I’m not afraid.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Finn: That’s one hell of a pilot!” Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens

“Poe Dameron: I can fly anything.” Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens

“Kylo Ren: That lightsaber… it belongs to me!
Finn: Come get it.” Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens

“Luke Skywalker: Strike me down in anger and I’ll always be with you, just like your father.” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

“Poe Dameron: Permission to hop in an X-Wing and blow something up?
Princess Leia: Permission granted.” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

“Rey: You underestimate Skywalker, and Ben Solo, and me. It will be your downfall.” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

“Poe Dameron: What our mothers and fathers fought for, we will not let die. Not today. Today, we make our last stand. For the galaxy. For Leia. For everyone we’ve lost.
Finn: They’ve taken enough of us. Now, we take the war to them.” Star Wars: Episode IX – The Rise of Skywalker

Star Wars Quotes About Friendship
Chewie and Han; R2-D2 and C-3PO; Poe and Finn; Rey and Finn; Luke, Leia, and Han… There are repetitive themes of the importance of friendship and loyalty interwoven throughout the Star Wars saga. Here are our favourite lines that show the beauty of kinship:


via Giphy
“Han Solo: I don’t know if he said tribe or family.
Beckett: What’s the difference?” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Chirrut Îmwe: I don’t need luck, I have you.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“C-3PO: Oh, my dear friend. How I’ve missed you.” Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens

“Poe Dameron: What, uh, what are you doing there, 3PO?
C-3PO: Taking one last look, sir, at my friends.” Star Wars: Episode IX – The Rise of Skywalker

“Rey: I need to go alone.
Finn: Yeah. Alone with friends.” Star Wars: Episode IX – The Rise of Skywalker

“Poe Dameron: How’d you do it? Defeat an empire with almost nothing?
Lando Calrissian: We had each other. That’s how we won.” Star Wars: Episode IX – The Rise of Skywalker

Star Wars Quotes About Rage
There’s a lot of anger and frustration throughout multiple character arcs in the films, which ultimately lead to their demise. When you’re feeling frustrated at work (or in life), feel free to shout out some of these lines at home to get your anger out.

Here are a few rage-related lines:


via Giphy
“Orson Krennic: We were on the verge of greatness!” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Count Dooku: I sense great fear in you, Skywalker. You have hate. You have anger. But you don’t use them.” Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith

“Chancellor Palpatine: I can feel your anger. It gives you focus, makes you stronger.” Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith

“Anakin Skywalker: I HATE YOU!” Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith

“Yoda: Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering. I sense much fear in you.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Darth Vader: You have controlled your fear. Now, release your anger. Only your hatred can destroy me.” Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi

“General Hux: You and your friends are doomed. We will wipe your filth from the galaxy.” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

“Rose Tico: I wish I could put my fist through this whole lousy, beautiful town.” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

“Captain Phasma: Rebel scum.” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

“Kylo Ren: Let the past die. Kill it, if you have to. That’s the only way to become what you are meant to be.” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

Obscure Star Wars Quotes
There are a few semi-obscure, lesser-known quotes throughout the films that don’t quite have the internet acclaim as others.

… However, they’re just as great as the rest of the more famous sayings! Here are a few obscure Star Wars quotes that you may be able to use in everyday life (i.e. with your friends, in a casual work e-mail).


via Giphy
“Jyn Erso: I’ve never had the luxury of political opinions.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Cassian Andor: Everything I did, I did for the Rebellion.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Chirrut Îmwe: There is more than one sort of prison, Captain. I sense that you carry yours wherever you go.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Chirrut Îmwe: Look for the Force…
Baze Malbus: Chirrut.
Chirrut Îmwe: … and you will always find me.” Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

“Yoda: Ahh, hard to see, the Dark Side is.” Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace

“Anakin Skywalker: General Grievous, you’re shorter than I expected.” Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith

“Luke Skywalker: This R-2 unit has a bad motivator.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Grand Moff Tarkin: You don’t know how hard I found it, signing the order to terminate your life.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

“Obi-Wan Kenobi: Luke, I don’t want to lose you to the Emperor the way I lost Vader.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

“Yoda: Incomplete was your training. Not ready for the burden were you.” Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi

“Darth Vader: You may dispense with the pleasantries, Commander. I am here to put you back on schedule.” Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi

“C3PO: It’s against my programming to impersonate a deity.” Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi

“Rey: I know how to run without you holding my hand!” Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens

“Supreme Leader Snoke: You’re just a child with a mask.” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

“Supreme Leader Snoke: My disappointment in your performance cannot be overstated.” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

“General Hux: We have them tied on the end of a string!” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

“Luke Skywalker: This is not going to go the way you think.” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

Star Wars Quotes That Prove the Characters Weren’t Always Cool
Sometimes, even our mightiest heroes like Han and Luke didn’t come off as slick as they’d hoped. Here are a few quotes that prove they’re just as real as us:


via Giphy
“Han Solo: I got kicked out of the Imperial academy for having a mind of my own.” Solo: A Star Wars Story

“Jango Fett: I’m just a simple man trying to make my way in the universe.” Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones

“Luke Skywalker: I’ve seen this raw strength only once before. It didn’t scare me enough then. It does now.” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

“Rey: Something inside me has always been there. But now it’s awake. And I’m afraid. I don’t know what it is or what to do with it. And I need help.” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

“Rey: I need someone to show me my place in all of this.” Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi

Misquotes: Famous Star Wars Quotes That Were Never Actually in the Movies
The following quotes are some of the most famous lines from the franchise… except “it’s a trap!” None of these were ever actually said in the first place! Movie misquotes are common, especially with the prevalence of social media nowadays.

Here are ones that tend to flood the internet, yet were either said by George Lucas himself or never in any of the films:


via Giphy
This quote is mistakenly included in many Yoda quote articles, but it was never spoken in any of the films. George Lucas himself said it:

“George Lucas: In a dark place we find ourselves, and a little more knowledge lights our way.”

This famous line from Episode IV is all over the internet incorrectly:

“Darth Vader: Luke, I am your father.”

The actual dialogue was this:

“Luke Skywalker: He told me enough! He told me you killed him!
Darth Vader: No. I am your father.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

There was a slight mixup in this exchange between Princess Leia and Han Solo:

“Princess Leia: I’d rather kiss a Wookiee!”

The actual dialogue was this:

“Princess Leia: I’d just as soon kiss a Wookiee!” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

Many people also tend to mistakenly simplify one of Darth Vader’s iconic lines with the line below:

“Darth Vader: Your lack of faith disturbs me.”

The actual dialogue was this:

“Darth Vader: I find your lack of faith disturbing.” Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope

While training Luke Skywalker, Yoda says many things to him in typical Yoda-speak (with the subject backward). However, the following line wasn’t said:

“Yoda: The Force around you, you must feel.”

The actual dialogue was this:

“Yoda: You must feel the Force around you.” Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back

This is a subtle misquote, but many online sources cite this as the quote:

“Anakin Skywalker: Someday, I will be the most powerful Jedi ever.”

The actual dialogue was this:

“Anakin Skywalker: Someday, I will be. I will be the most powerful Jedi ever. I promise you.” Star Wars: Episode II – The Attack of the Clones

